# Requirements
## API
  * The following example is the implementation of a tracking client in a Magento 2 backend. Its goal is to store the following, each time a product was added to customer's cart. For guests, just make the customer_id field null.
     -  {
     -  "id": 2, //Autogenerated id i.e primary key
     -  "sku":"ABC123", // SKU that was added to cart
     -  "customer_id":"5",// Customer id or null for Guest
     -  "quote_id": "50", // Customer's quote id
     -  "created": "2022-04-15 07:45:12"// record creation date
     -  }
* The above data should be stored in a custom table and should have custom CRUD features along with the ability to control CRUD via REST API.

  ## Messaged Queue
* This is the second part of the task, where we need to implement Message queues to store the data.
* Whenever a customer adds a product to the cart, we should publish the data to be stored in Queue and consume the data from the queue, then store the data in the custom table.
*  We should have logging wherever necessary to identify any issues in the process.

# Solution Approach
      
  * Create a custom table for id,sku,customer_id,created_at,updated_at are column names using dbschema.xml.
  * Create a events.xml for get the product information after clicking the add to cart and an Observer file for cart products are store to the custom table.
  * Create model,resource model and repository classes to handle the crud operation.
  * Create api and dependency files and api interfaces.
  * Create the Publisher and consumer files.
  * Message Queue requires 4 xml files
    - communication.xml
    - queue.xml
    - queue_publisher.xml
    - queue_topology.xml	
  * The data will send from the publisher to the queue and the publish function is in Observer.php.
  * Processing data from the queue – in this step we will expand the handler class declared in communication.xml file.
  * When a message is recieved ,consume the data and insert it into the custom table using the consumer class.

## ETA  - 24H
